Make simple authorization docs more clear about the classes and APIs it uses (#9112)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-security-configuration-authorization.adoc

* Open Policy Agent (OPA) authorization
* Custom authorization

> Simple authorization uses `AclAuthorizer` and `StandardAuthorizer` plugins that are part of Apache Kafka.
> It uses Access Control Lists (ACLs) to define which users have access to which resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple authorization uses the`AclAuthorizer` and `StandardAuthorizer` Kafka plugins,
which are responsible for managing Access Control Lists (ACLs) that specify user access to various resources.
```
